Review of AN AXIOMATIC AND CONTEXTUAL REVIEW OF THE ARMITAGE AND DOLL MODEL OF
CARCINOGENESIS The review of the assumptions around the Armitage and Doll (AD)
model and the history of its use in the literature is interesting. While I am
not up on oncology modeling past nor present, I think the structure of this
article and context may provide a nice resource for those that are. The overall
writing is solid. I have only a few suggestions to add some details to make the
article that much more readable. Some minor corrections are listed afterward.
Suggestions: Might read better to have sentences for each of Nordling's reasons
for being less well-known e.g. (1) Nordling's data analysis methodology was ...
[too coarse or too confounding, etc]. Some additional written details around the
proof of the Theorems I think is in order. Why are you defining the function
F(T) (cumulative?) the way you do? So F'(T) is the PDF? How is it that the
sequence of steps in the proof shows the result you wish? This will be helpful
to the target readers. A simple definition of power law would be useful for
completeness. Should state why you are not proving Theorem 3.2. Should describe
what a hazard function is in 4.1. Authors state that proof of Thm 4.4 is in this
paper's appendix, which does not seem to exist.
Minor: decease -> disease (throughout) Capitalization following a colon.
...flexibility: Cancer... (other spots as well) ...power law of held even... no
"of"? ...``with these [minor]... Needs left quote marks. AD model
assumption list. All Capitalized to start or not. (3) is -> in Use \left( and
\right) in Latex in Theorem 3.1 F(T)=... (and other spots) The
"interesting" reader, perhaps, but maybe the "interested"
reader? Wording in proof of Theorem 3.3 could be broken up into a couple of
sentences for easier reading. Use \mbox{}
(e.g.\mbox{or}) to avoid italicized english words in math expressions. In 4.2
     "Friends, have a theorem. You'll love it." May want to keep it a
     bit more formal. well -> will albeit is one word "sarcastically
     immune"? "...with though..."